During our GRC (Governance, Risk, Compliance) content for class we had to consider security and business objectives. 
For example we were given a business plan example and we created pros and cons towards the business example.

EX:) The director of engineering suggested giving all developers access to all data.

Pros: Makes development easier and increases the speed of finding data

Cons: Allows developers to access any user data, including sensitive files/info that has nothing to do with their regular work day.
Also if there is a break in one of the developers user accounts then the malicious threat now has all the data needed to gain persistence and escalation.

We also made security recommendations.

EX:) The director of security suggested implementing a private corporate VPN.

Answer:) 
 With the VPN added to the corporate network would prevent unwanted visitors from entering the corporate network and keep the companies data confidential. 
This would change the company's onboarding process and would have to re-train employees. 
The initial onboarding and training will require work upfront, but the security benefits will save the company due time. 
The organization should go forth with this security recommendation.

During this cohort we also learned about the security culture framework. 
Involved in the security culture framework we were given another scenario sent by “email” stating that the organization is having a problem with unknown 
visitors tailgating into the building behind employees who scanned their Badge at the door and allowed the unknown visitors entry.
 
  We then stated the security risks being “this behavior is insecure due to non-employees gaining access into the building without proper identification”.  
We then created a method to keep track of how many people encourage tailgating  by having the organization assign a security team to audit surveillance feeds to 
determine the percentage of employees partaking in tailgating.
  After we decided on the method we created a goal being 0% of employees partaking and/or encouraging tailgating into the organization. 
We created 3 potential high level solutions including a 1 pro and 1 con.

1.Develop and instruct training-  The pro is that the training might have an effect on the security and the con takes a long time to develop and instruct.
2.Hire guards 24/7- The pro is this provides an instant and direct solution and the con is that this raises cost for the company and doesn't teach 
the employees to not partake in tailgating.
3.Require keycards for access- This is the most secure option, because the building will only grant access to the keycard holders, the con is that 
it takes a lot of work to implement the keycards. 
